What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	When you first initialize the directory, a new .git file is being created
	in a directory. This will allow us to create new commits for the files
	that are inside the directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	Staging area holds files that were recently changed before actually commiting
	them to the repository. This allows developers to hold files temporarily until
	they are sure that those files are correct and ready to be committed to the
	real repository

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	You can check files that are in the staging area against the files that are
	already in the repository and this way to make sure that your changes are
	correct and are logically connected

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	Some situations may include new updates or features that you want to check
	before introducing to the main product, creating a file with a different language,
	testing, training, etc. Branches let you experiment without the need to change your main
	file and being afraid to damage the code.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Diagrams always help with visualization, regardless of what they show, branch structure
	isn't an exception. It is basically much easier to distonguish branches from one another
	and to see where if a mistake in commit was made.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	The parent branch merge the child branch and inherits all the changes that were made
	in the child branch. All the changes can now be seen in the log of a parent branch and
	child branch can be now deleted. 
	Diagram helps us see what commits should be merged and to where.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Automatic merging would be a lot easier and save time from figuring out what to commit,
	however this would take a very sophisticated algorithm and still it may be flawed as it 
	would not know exactly what 2 different people did and how they thought it through.
	Manual merging can be more time consuming and require more work, but it is more accurate
	and people can talk to each other to see what changes were made to each commit.

