How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was easier to find the bug, since you could compare and older version and
    see where a bug might have occured

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    This way if something goes wrong, I won't have to redo the whole file or go 
    through multiple lines of code to try and find a problem, but
    can simply bring back an old version and try to find a bug by comparing the two.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros are the fact that you are in control and can choose when to commit,
    you can reduce the number of unecessary commits.
    Cons are the fact that you can forget to commit in a timely manner,
    you have to do it all manually, number of unnecessary commits maybe too big

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    People who use Git usually use multiple files that are related to each other
    so it may make logical sense to save all of them at once if more than 1 had
    a change.
    Other VCS are usually more oriented on regular users that usually use 1 file
    at a time

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use git log to see all the commits that were done to this file
    I can then use git diff and 2 IDs to compare and see what has been changed
    between the two of them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    This allows me to experiment without being afraid that I break something and
    won't be able to easily fix it. With version control, even if I break something 
    I can easily go back to the more recent commit, compare them, find bugs and move
    on.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use Git for ALL of my projects so they can be safely saved and my
    portfolio can be accessed by prospective employers